README.md, before:

### Lesson #17: Line/branch coverage does not guarantee behavioral coverage
Line and branch coverage are now complete (except for our dead branch).  But is the code truly test-covered?  Can we make a non-trivial change to the code that will leave the tests green?  If so, then we can inadvertently break the code while refactoring. 
 
"Mutation testing" tools such as Pitest help us to find these gaps in behavioral coverage.  

We run Pitest and see that two lines survive the "changed conditional boundary" mutation.  
![](https://github.com/d215steinberg/GildedRose-Java/blob/Lesson%2317/images/mutation-coverage-Lesson%2317.jpg)
Our Backstage Passes tests cover the upper bounds of the quality appreciation ranges (10 days and 5 days) but not lower bounds (6 days and 0 days).  We add tests for the lower bounds.

```java
@Test
public void backstagePassesQualityIncreasesBy2Within10DaysOfConcert() {
	app = createAppWithSingleItem(BACKSTAGE_PASSES, 10, ARBITRARY_QUALITY);
	app.updateAtEndOfDay();
	assertThat(getLoneItem().quality, is(ARBITRARY_QUALITY + 2));
}

@Test
public void backstagePassesQualityIncreasesBy2MoreThan5DaysFromConcert() {
	app = createAppWithSingleItem(BACKSTAGE_PASSES, 6, ARBITRARY_QUALITY);
	app.updateAtEndOfDay();
	assertThat(getLoneItem().quality, is(ARBITRARY_QUALITY + 2));
}
```
```java
@Test
public void backstagePassesQualityIncreasesBy3Within5DaysOfConcert() {
	app = createAppWithSingleItem(BACKSTAGE_PASSES, 5, ARBITRARY_QUALITY);
	app.updateAtEndOfDay();
	assertThat(getLoneItem().quality, is(ARBITRARY_QUALITY + 3));
}

@Test
public void backstagePassesQualityIncreasesBy3UpToConcertDate() {
	app = createAppWithSingleItem(BACKSTAGE_PASSES, 1, ARBITRARY_QUALITY);
	app.updateAtEndOfDay();
	assertThat(getLoneItem().quality, is(ARBITRARY_QUALITY + 3));
}
```
Pitest now reports 100% coverage. 
![](https://github.com/d215steinberg/GildedRose-Java/blob/Lesson%2317/images/mutation-coverage-summary-Lesson%2317b.jpg) 
### [Go to Lesson #18](https://github.com/d215steinberg/GildedRose-Java/tree/Lesson%2318)

Commit message:

Added image for Pitest summary with incomplete coverage

README.md, after:

### Lesson #17: Line/branch coverage does not guarantee behavioral coverage
Line and branch coverage are now complete (except for our dead branch).  But is the code truly test-covered?  Can we make a non-trivial change to the code that will leave the tests green?  If so, then we can inadvertently break the code while refactoring. 
 
"Mutation testing" tools such as Pitest help us to find these gaps in behavioral coverage.  

We run Pitest and see that, although line coverage is 100%, mutation coverage is only 94%.
![](https://github.com/d215steinberg/GildedRose-Java/blob/Lesson%2317/images/mutation-coverage-summary-Lesson%2317a.jpg)
Drilling in, we see that two lines survive the "changed conditional boundary" mutation.  
![](https://github.com/d215steinberg/GildedRose-Java/blob/Lesson%2317/images/mutation-coverage-Lesson%2317.jpg)
Our Backstage Passes tests cover the upper bounds of the quality appreciation ranges (10 days and 5 days) but not lower bounds (6 days and 0 days).  We add tests for the lower bounds.

```java
@Test
public void backstagePassesQualityIncreasesBy2Within10DaysOfConcert() {
	app = createAppWithSingleItem(BACKSTAGE_PASSES, 10, ARBITRARY_QUALITY);
	app.updateAtEndOfDay();
	assertThat(getLoneItem().quality, is(ARBITRARY_QUALITY + 2));
}

@Test
public void backstagePassesQualityIncreasesBy2MoreThan5DaysFromConcert() {
	app = createAppWithSingleItem(BACKSTAGE_PASSES, 6, ARBITRARY_QUALITY);
	app.updateAtEndOfDay();
	assertThat(getLoneItem().quality, is(ARBITRARY_QUALITY + 2));
}
```
```java
@Test
public void backstagePassesQualityIncreasesBy3Within5DaysOfConcert() {
	app = createAppWithSingleItem(BACKSTAGE_PASSES, 5, ARBITRARY_QUALITY);
	app.updateAtEndOfDay();
	assertThat(getLoneItem().quality, is(ARBITRARY_QUALITY + 3));
}

@Test
public void backstagePassesQualityIncreasesBy3UpToConcertDate() {
	app = createAppWithSingleItem(BACKSTAGE_PASSES, 1, ARBITRARY_QUALITY);
	app.updateAtEndOfDay();
	assertThat(getLoneItem().quality, is(ARBITRARY_QUALITY + 3));
}
```
Pitest now reports 100% coverage. 
![](https://github.com/d215steinberg/GildedRose-Java/blob/Lesson%2317/images/mutation-coverage-summary-Lesson%2317b.jpg) 
### [Go to Lesson #18](https://github.com/d215steinberg/GildedRose-Java/tree/Lesson%2318)
